Added missing security info & exception to requestPermission (#35672)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/filesystemhandle/requestpermission/index.md

### Return value

A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves with {{domxref('PermissionStatus.state')}} which is one of `'granted'`, `'denied'` or `'prompt'`. It may also reject with one of the exceptions below.

### Exceptions

- {{jsxref("TypeError")}}
  - : Thrown if no parameter is specified or the `mode` is not that of
    `'read'` or `'readwrite'`
- `SecurityError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}

>   - : Thrown if the call was blocked by the [same-origin policy](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy) or it was not called via a user interaction such as a button press.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Thrown in one of the following cases:
    - The method was called in a context that's not [same-origin](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy) as the top-level context (i.e. a cross-origin iframe).
    - There was no transient user activation such as a button press. This includes when the handle is in a non-Window context which cannot consume user activation, such as a worker.
```
